Validate the target environment against the full scenario registry before choosing any destructive drill.
Run as the Oracle software owner and set the database environment exactly as you would for a real drill.
Create the topology-versus-scenario report and request HTML for easy review and sharing.
Confirm that CrashSimulator detected the same topology you intend to test.
Use the report buckets to decide what can be executed, what should stay dry-run only, and what needs topology work.
Before execution, run a single scenario validation so the latest target context is checked again.
Use the Review Center shortcuts to reopen the latest readiness report as text or HTML without remembering the file name.
The Guided Workflow exposes the same report for operators who prefer prompts and menu guardrails.
When a user selects a scenario, the menu now reports readiness immediately before dry-run or execution.
Finish by choosing a runnable scenario, then dry-run, protect, execute, recover, and validate with retained evidence.